Adds `denoising_end` parameter to ControlNetPipeline for SDXL (#6175)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/controlnet.md

make_image_grid([original_image, canny_image, image], rows=1, cols=3)
```

<Tip>

You can use a refiner model with `StableDiffusionXLControlNetPipeline` to improve image quality, just like you can with a regular `StableDiffusionXLPipeline`.

> See [section `Refine image quality` on the `StableDiffusionXL` page](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/using-diffusers/sdxl#refine-image-quality) for how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Refine image quality](./sdxl#refine-image-quality) section to learn how to use the refiner model.
```

Make sure to use `StableDiffusionXLControlNetPipeline` and pass `image` and `controlnet_conditioning_scale`.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```py
```
